hi friends from youtube everything be before
forest how to live but in this new
tutorial I'll show you how
download windows live messenger 2012
for windows 8 or for windows milestone that
is compatible for windows
good socialists go down more in the video
private downloading
discharge
and we hope it's worth
our scale
maximum awaiting
once you are running
we hope it does not come out
5 takes
the rosary in account manager
user yes
and we hope
good have successful
but none of these
customizing the good bar is
next little
and we hope good
I hope as soon see much
we close
good part of the picture
and good we this picture is good
but we are installed here the
programs that we are installed this
Well the truth does not serve any purpose
they take away a little space
well we install the messenger or such
time is that I'm a little heavier
installed in the following scale
install
and we hope it will not take long
and good
It is compatible with 28
or windows 7
good
as well
If you have any questions, I have been
going to have principles but valdés
carmen bed 3 and studying
how to record I left here beginning and that
all the programs that you
download they give you the pressure of this
side
how are you downloading in my house if the 8
computer is not downloading as soon as
to the programs that fit
everyone will appear in this
from the side of us that's why
and good we hope
well I come back has already finished and when
says ready windows we press and just
is going to be our
because we left
We will not accept the license
good here the happy happened
if it is not the color of these
It's very simple
let's grab
if we go to our windows month
good good
we are going